but you are full of [ __ ] your point is
the equivalent of saying if you
celebrate Halloween you are fine with
witchcraft being taught in schools and
special political rights for Wiccans
okay just pause would he say that to a
Muslim who was trying to get rid of
Ramadan to an ex-muslim someone who's
born Muslim and it's now atheist no you
would never insult someone who is openly
struggling to raise their children as
atheist non-muslims in a Muslim majority
that you would never say them you say
that to me
atheism is the laziest movement in the
world secular humanism is the laziest
most fatuous most self-indulgent
movement in the world and that's why
it's been failing to make progress in
the last 20 years every other ideology
calling for social change is aware that
if you want change and if you're the one
to make it happen you are going to be
made uncomfortable by it and the
atheists and secular humanists have a
very statuesque
that the world is going to change and
that everyone else is going to be made
uncomfortable except them because
they're right and they think that being
right means you get to sit back and just
kind of congratulate yourself and throw
conferences and have meetings where you
pat yourself on the back and you live
your whole life in a constant cycle of
self-congratulation because you feel
morally superior to the high school
principal you grew up with because you
feel morally superior to the nuns and
priests and monks who talk to you when
you were a child you feel intellectually
superior to your own parents
your own grandparents who believed in a
religion you no longer believe in and
you see your role now as sitting back
passively and laughing as the rest of
the world catches up with you and this
brilliant insight you've had into
reality that there is no God as Sarah
Sarah why do you think you guys are
losing why do you think gay rights made
so much progress in the last twenty
thirty years and you guys made none why
do you think veganism made so much
progress in the last twenty thirty years
you guys made none hate to tell you this
guys compared to communism and I'm an
anti-communist completely anti-communist
but I've got a degree in political
science and spent many my life studying
communism communism is still a major
powerful influential ideology in the
world it's still making moves it's still
it's still affecting millions of
people's lives even the Communists know
if they want social change they've got
to get uncomfortable they've got to get
out there and start producing new
meanings they've got to get out there
and write their own story books and
comic books and songs you wouldn't
believe you wouldn't believe how many
new songs the economy has come up with
all over the world India China Russia
everywhere and still to this day they're
still doing it they're involved in
cultural production and in trying to
raise their children to repeat those
memes those meanings to challenge and
replace the culture they were born into
to create what they think is a better
world and that's what the vegans are
doing that's the gay rights people were
doing and there's a fundamentally sick
and self-indulgent attitude that I see
amongst the atheist activists the
secular activists that I think is based
on a sense of intellectual superiority
that's completely unfounded
I conducted a little tiny social
experiment over the last several weeks
by email and by Twitter message I
reached out to people who had about the
same number of total viewers I had on
YouTube not famous internationally
successful atheists like Richard Dawkins
not people who are in such a towering
scale of Fame and money and influence
that they wouldn't answer an email from
me
people on about the same level I'm at a
few thousand regular viewers doing this
as a hobby to whatever extent on a
podcast or on YouTube I reach out to
them say hey look you know what I have a
five-year-old daughter
and I really don't want to raise her
celebrating Christmas and I look around
I don't see any other atheists secular
humanists I don't see any other
activists taking on the challenge of
providing a set of songs and stories and
rituals providing something more
meaningful to their children to the next
generation than what they've got right
now
and if you think repeating a ritual and
a song again and again and again year
after year in school and playing over
the loudspeakers at the shopping center
and acting that out if you think that
doesn't that doesn't impact your
children when they're growing up why
don't you just raise your children
secular Muslim or secular Hindu what why
is it that atheists and secularists they
have this unique blind spot for
Christianity as a cultural tradition and
not not for any other slightly
unfamiliar culture division they don't
see Buddhist rituals as secular nor
Hindu Dharma just just the rituals of
precisely the religion they claim to be
in a state of rebellion against okay and
this is the sense in which you guys are
so much more fatuous then vegans gay
rights activists communists you're not
willing to make yourself even slightly
uncomfortable challenging yourself to
write a new story to come up with a new
song to offer something more meaningful
for the generation to come and to
challenge the hegemony this is a case
we're really really she's assuming the
hegemony of Christian cultural
traditions in as much as we can even
recognize Christian cultural traditions
as something separable from Christianity
[Music]
so I'd get these angry angry messages
back totally unsympathetic messages that
would always say quote Christmas is a
cultural tradition I replied to one of
them saying regarding quote Christmas is
a cultural tradition would you make the
same excuse for an Islamic holiday would
you let your children participate in
worshipping a fragment of a meteorite in
Mecca on the grounds that it's just
cultural quote unquote
how about animal sacrifice within Islam
more than any religion how would you how
would you that I have not had a single
one of these people reply on topic to
this because none of them have actually
answered those questions they've sent me
insults before they've sent me insults
after they've told me how completely
insane I am to want to challenge and
replace Christmas is a contradiction but
they don't actually answer those
questions now this is not hypothetical
when I ask would you make the same
excuse for Islamic holiday the some of
these same people I wrote to so here's
one again he has a youtube channel and a
podcast and so on like most of this this
guy you see on screen now he's
participating in the hashtag hashtag
when I was a Muslim and he says to all X
Muslims please don't stop being open
about leaving Islam you're not alone and
people like you you guys are out there
calling on Muslims to get real
uncomfortable and to reject the cultural
traditions of the oppressive societies
they live in do you know how hard it is
to not celebrate Ramadan when you're in
Saudi Arabia Malaysia Indonesia you know
how hard it is to be openly non-muslim
when your whole family is Muslim in a
Muslim majority country pretty much any
Muslim of course some are easier than
others Turkey is a lot easier than Saudi
Arabia but we're not going to get the
details you're asking for quite a high
level of courage and effort in
repudiating and refusing to participate
in Ramadan and all the other Muslim
festivals and traditions for X Muslims
and you're celebrating them
coming on Twitter and talking about
rejecting Islam and what happens to them
well there is and when I do it what I
deal with Christianity when I say hey
I'm gonna draw the line and I'm gonna
refuse to be a part of Christmas I'm
gonna make this little bit of an effort
to offer my daughter something
meaningful something more something
positive instead of Christmas I'm gonna
write new stories and new songs I'm
gonna try to offer her something better
than Christmas and something better than
the x-men and Batman and Curious George
I'm gonna take on that challenge all of
you 100% of you wrote back with insults
telling me that I was crazy
okay so here's a reply from Noah plumb
he's not famous but like myself he has a
YouTube channel he has about the same
number of total views on YouTube that I
have I think he's been on YouTube for
about the same length like the time I
have too and he replies quote you are
full of [ __ ] your point is the
equivalent of saying if you celebrate
Halloween you are fine with witchcraft
being taught in schools and special
political rights for Wiccans okay just
pause would he say that to a Muslim who
was trying to get rid of Ramadan to an
ex-muslim someone who's born Muslim and
it's now atheist no you would never
insult someone who is openly struggling
to raise their children as atheist
non-muslims and a Muslim majority that
you would never say them you say that to
me and you say that to me because you're
compensating for your own hypocrisy
fatuousness and laziness no it's
equivalent to saying people who
celebrate Hitler's birthday are Nazi
sympathizers it's equivalent to saying
people who celebrate the life and
accomplishments of stalin are Stalinists
if you actually opposed christianity
don't celebrate christmas not one person
has replied to me honestly and directly
on topic I've had insults of
right back saying how crazy I am I have
not had one person really right back on
topic this way this is again a reply
that involved him and one other youtuber
podcaster you can see there long
applying to your position is quote
Christmas as a cultural celebration
close quote to keep the same excuses of
heard many times before I saw on reddit
also talked to some so-called atheist
activist on reddit where this it all
goes back to you'll its pre-christian
and it's just a cultural tradition
there's no Christ in Christmas this this
kind of nonsense okay
your position is Christmas is cultural
celebration the gadhimai festival is a
cultural celebration that's a festival
in India sorry Nepal actually I don't
know if that maybe the adjacent part of
India but mostly famous in Nepal rather
than India involves slaughtering huge
numbers of cows animal sacrifice the
gadhimai festival is a cultural
celebration Ramadan also is a cultural
celebration communists commemorating
Lenin Stalin and Mao cultural
celebrations period stand for something
versus fall for anything
period guys the particular excuses these
so-called atheist activists made are not
worth talking about what's worth talking
about is the motivation behind them what
motivates them to make these excuses
what is it really you're making excuses
for no aplomb again quote but this
acquitting celebrating Christmas -
celebrating Stalin's birthday is absurd
my family misses out on nothing
culturally by ignoring Stalin's birthday
that is why I say it is way more like
Halloween it is a social event well yeah
if you lived in a majority communist
society a lot of these replies also it's
very obvious I'm sincere I have one of
the full-length letters I wrote to these
podcasts I've posted it on my blog I'll
give you guys the link below this video
it's only I don't know ten sentences
long it's really pretty brief but um
there was no reason to treat me like a
troll there's no reason to treat me like
I'm joking and I've sent that link to
these people
saying hey I'm a father of a
five-year-old daughter this is the
challenge I'm taking on how about you
and one of the main things I've noticed
is none of them have anything of
substance say back to me and the main
breaking point is where they just
recognized that I'm not joking that I am
being sincere so here's my reply to this
guy and I think this was the end of the
discussion for him because he didn't
have anything of substance to say on the
points being raised quote I've lived in
two different communist countries and
one X communist country my parents were
communists I'm really being sincere in
this discussion :
you aren't period I'm really sincerely
trying to prepare an alternative to
Christmas for my daughter this year i'm
not a troll' make all the excuses you
want to you wouldn't regard someone in
Saudi Arabia or Jerusalem who just
conforms the dominant religion with the
excuse of quote it's only cultural or
it's only traditional as an atheist or a
secular activists either you live up to
your own standards or you don't
[Music]